Sun Microsystems, Inc.

Binary Code License Agreement



JAVA ADVANCED IMAGING API, VERSION 1.1.2



READ THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY PROVIDED
SUPPLEMENTAL LICENS E TERMS (COLLECTIVELY "AGREEMENT")
CAREFULLY BEFORE OPENING THE SOFTW ARE MEDIA PACKAGE.  BY
OPENING THE SOFTWARE MEDIA PACKAGE, YOU AGRE E TO THE TERMS
OF THIS AGREEMENT.  IF YOU ARE ACCESSING THE SOFTWAR E
ELECTRONICALLY, INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS BY
SELECTIN G THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON AT THE END OF THIS
AGREEMENT.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL THESE TERMS,
PROMPTLY RETURN THE UNUSED SOFTWARE TO YOUR
 PLACE OF PURCHASE FOR A REFUND OR, IF THE SOFTWARE IS
 ACCESSED ELECT RONICALLY, SELECT THE "DECLINE" BUTTON AT
THE END OF THIS AGREEMENT.




1.  LICENSE TO USE.  Sun grants you a non-exclusive and
non-trans ferable license for the internal use only of the
accompanying softwar e and documentation and any error
corrections provided by Sun (collec tively "Software"), by
the number of users and the class of computer hardware for
which the corresponding fee has been paid.



2.  RESTRICTIONS.  Software is confidential and
copyrighted. Titl e to Software and all associated
intellectual property rights is reta ined by Sun and/or its
licensors.  Except as specifically authorize d in any
Supplemental License Terms, you may not make copies of
Softw are, other than a single copy of Software for
archival purposes.  U nless enforcement is prohibited by
applicable law, you may not modify , decompile, or reverse
engineer Software.  Licensee acknowledges t hat Software is
not designed or intended for use in the design, const
ruction, operation or maintenance of any nuclear facility.
Sun Micros ystems, Inc. disclaims any express or implied
warranty of fitness for
 such uses.   No right, title or interest in or to any
 trademark, s ervice mark, logo or trade name of Sun or its
licensors is granted un der this Agreement.



3.  LIMITED WARRANTY.  Sun warrants to you that for a
period of nin ety (90) days from the date of purchase, as
evidenced by a copy of th e receipt, the media on which
Software is furnished (if any) will be free of defects in
materials and workmanship under normal use.  Exc ept for
the foregoing, Software is provided "AS IS".  Your exclusiv
e remedy and Sun's entire liability under this limited
warranty will be at Sun's option to replace Software media
or refund the fee paid f or Software.



4.  DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.  UNLESS SPECIFIED IN THIS
AGREEMENT, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED CONDITIONS,
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, IN CLUDING ANY IMPLIED
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTIC ULAR
PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED, EXCEPT TO THE
EXTENT
 THAT THESE DISCLAIMERS ARE HELD TO BE LEGALLY INVALID.



5.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED
BY LAW , IN NO EVENT WILL SUN OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY LOST REVENU E, PROFIT OR DATA, OR FOR SPECIAL,
INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTA L OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES,
HOWEVER CAUSED REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIA BILITY,
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE
S OFTWARE, EVEN IF SUN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMA GES.  In no event will Sun's liability to you,
whether in contract,
 tort (including negligence), or otherwise, exceed the
 amount paid by you for Software under this Agreement.  The
 foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated
warranty fails of its essential p urpose.



6.  Termination.  This Agreement is effective until
terminated.    You may terminate this Agreement at any time
by destroying all co pies of Software.  This Agreement will
terminate immediately withou t notice from Sun if you fail
to comply with any provision of this Ag reement.  Upon
Termination, you must destroy all copies of Software
.



7.  Export Regulations. All Software and technical data
delivered und er this Agreement are subject to US export
control laws and may be su bject to export or import
regulations in other countries.  You agre e to comply
strictly with all such laws and regulations and acknowled
ge that you have the responsibility to obtain such licenses
to export , re-export, or import as may be required after
delivery to you.



8.  U.S. Government Restricted Rights.  If Software is
being acqu ired by or on behalf of the U.S. Government or
by a U.S. Government p rime contractor or subcontractor (at
any tier), then the Government's
 rights in Software and accompanying documentation will be
 only as se t forth in this Agreement; this is in
accordance with 48 CFR 227.7201
 through 227.7202-4 (for Department of Defense (DOD)
 acquisitions) an d with 48 CFR 2.101 and 12.212 (for
non-DOD acquisitions).



9.  Governing Law.  Any action related to this Agreement
will be governed by California law and controlling U.S.
federal law.  No ch oice of law rules of any jurisdiction
will apply.



10. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is
held to be un enforceable, this Agreement will remain in
effect with the provision omitted, unless omission would
frustrate the intent of the parties, i n which case this
Agreement will immediately terminate.



11. Integration.  This Agreement is the entire agreement
between yo u and Sun relating to its subject matter.  It
supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written
communications, proposals, represe ntations and warranties
and prevails over any conflicting or addition al terms of
any quote, order, acknowledgment, or other communication
between the parties relating to its subject matter during
the term of
 this Agreement.  No modification of this Agreement will be
 binding , unless in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of eac h party.





		    JAVA ADVANCED IMAGING, VERSION 1.1.2



			 SUPPLEMENTAL LICENSE TERMS



These supplemental license terms ("Supplemental Terms") add
to or mod ify the terms of the Binary Code License
Agreement (collectively, the
 "Agreement"). Capitalized terms not defined in these
 Supplemental Te rms shall have the same meanings ascribed
to them in the Agreement. T hese Supplemental Terms shall
supersede any inconsistent or conflicti ng terms in the
Agreement, or in any license contained within the Sof
tware.



1. Software Internal Use and Development License Grant. 
Subject to
 the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including, but
 not limit ed to Section 3 (Java Technology Restrictions)
of these Supplemental Terms, Sun grants you a
non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited lice nse to
reproduce internally and use internally the binary form of
the
 Software, complete and unmodified, for the sole purpose of
 designing , developing and testing your Java applets and
applications ("Program s").



2. License to Distribute Software.  In addition to the
license gran ted in Section 1 (Software Internal Use and
Development License Grant ) of these Supplemental Terms,
subject to the terms and conditions of
 this Agreement, including but not limited to, Section 3
 (Java Techno logy Restrictions) of these Supplemental
Terms, Sun grants you a non- exclusive, non-transferable,
limited license to reproduce and distrib ute the Software
in binary code form only, provided that you (i) dist ribute
the Software complete and unmodified and only bundled as
part of your Programs, (ii) do not distribute additional
software intended
 to replace any component(s) of the Software, (iii) do not
 remove or alter any proprietary legends or notices
contained in the Software, ( iv) only distribute the
Software subject to a license agreement that protects Sun's
interests consistent with the terms contained in this
Agreement, and (v) agree to defend and indemnify Sun and
its licensor s from and against any damages, costs,
liabilities, settlement amount s and/or expenses (including
attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with any claim,
lawsuit or action by any third party that arises or r
esults from the use or distribution of any and all Programs
and/or So ftware.



3. Java Technology Restrictions. You may not modify the
Java Platform
 Interface ("JPI", identified as classes contained within
 the "java" package or any subpackages of the "java"
package), by creating additi onal classes within the JPI or
otherwise causing the addition to or m odification of the
classes in the JPI.  In the event that you creat e an
additional class and associated API(s) which (i) extends
the fun ctionality of the Java platform, and (ii) is
exposed to third party s oftware developers for the purpose
of developing additional software which invokes such
additional API, you must promptly publish broadly an
accurate specification for such API for free use by all
developers
.  You may not create, or authorize your licensees to create additi
onal classes, interfaces, or subpackages that are in any
way identifi ed as "java", "javax", "sun" or similar
convention as specified by Su n in any naming convention
designation.



4.  Java Runtime Availability.  Refer to the appropriate
version of t he Java Runtime Environment binary code
license (currently located at
 http://www.java.sun.com/jdk/index.html) for the
 availability of runt ime code which may be distributed
with Java applets and applications.



5. Trademarks and Logos. You acknowledge and agree as
between you and
 Sun that Sun owns the SUN, SOLARIS, JAVA, JINI, FORTE, and
 iPLANET t rademarks and all SUN, SOLARIS, JAVA, JINI,
FORTE, and iPLANET-relate d trademarks, service marks,
logos and other brand designations ("Sun
 Marks"), and you agree to comply with the Sun Trademark
 and Logo Usa ge Requirements currently located at
http://www.sun.com/policies/trad emarks. Any use you make
of the Sun Marks inures to Sun's benefit.




6. Source Code. Software may contain source code that is
provided sol ely for reference purposes pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement.    Source code may not be
redistributed unless expressly provided fo r in this
Agreement.



7. Termination for Infringement.  Either party may
terminate this A greement immediately should any Software
become, or in either party's
 opinion be likely to become, the subject of a claim of
 infringement of any intellectual property right.



For inquiries please contact: Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4150
Network Ci rcle, Santa Clara, California 95054, U.S.A

(LFI#143342/Form ID#011801)
